BTA-5623 Document API pop on Transferzero API (#42)
transferzero/api-documentation: _docs/additional-features.md

<div class="alert alert-info" markdown="1">
**Note!** For non-cash transactions if the payment is already pending to the bank account or mobile number the change will only be effective if there is an error during payment, in which case we'll use the new details to retry the transaction.
</div>

# Proof of payment

> To get your proof of payments you can use this endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get your proof of payment files you can use this endpoint:
```

`GET /v1/recipients/[TRANSFERZERO_RECIPIENT_ID]/proof_of_payments`

Please note that the ID you have to use is for the recipient and not the transaction (similarly to how you can cancel and update recipients)

> The response will be a `200 OK`, and it returns a list of payments proofs  :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint responds with a list of uploaded proof of payment files, e.g.:
```
